README.md, before:

# Address Book Web App infrastructure code
> LAMP APP using Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)

Terraform scripts to build the AWS environment where to deploy and release "Address Book", a LAMP application.

```
Tested using:

Terraform v0.11.10
+ provider.aws v1.42.0
```

### Infrastructure details

* Create Virtual Private Cloud(VPC)
* Create a public and private subnets
* Create an Internet Gateway
* Create a Route Table and add a route to the Internet
* Create a security group for the web server to only allow HTTP inbound traffic from Internet
* Create a security group for the MySQL RDS instance server to only allow MySQL inbound traffic from the web server subnet
* Deploy web server and a MySQL RDS instance
* Configure application to connect to the MySQL RDS instance

## How to use

### Pre-requirement: Set AWS environment variables
```
$ export TF_VAR_access_key=<your_key>

$ export TF_VAR_secret_key=<your-secret>

$ export TF_VAR_region=<your_region>
```

### Initialize a working directory

`$ cd lamp_intrastructure/`

`$ terraform init`

### Create an execution plan

`$ terraform plan`

### Apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration

`$ terraform apply`

### Delete infrastructure
> Before to run command delete manually the RDS mysql instance(you will be prompt with securities questions)

`$ terraform destroy`

## How to test?

### Open the Address Book Web App page

Find on EC2 the "IPv4 Public IP"address of the "Web Server" instance and open it in a web browser.

### Login in the web app and try some CRUD operations

Find the DB endpoint on the "Connect" section of the RDS mysql created instance.

Using the DB endpoint and credentials(can be found on the 9-rdsDbResources.tf file) login in the app.

Create, edit or remove contacts to test the web app.

Commit message:

feat: Show on output db and webapp endpoints, updated readme

README.md, after:

# Address Book Web App infrastructure code
> LAMP APP using Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)

Terraform scripts to build the AWS environment where to deploy and release "Address Book", a LAMP application.

```
Tested using:

Terraform v0.11.10
+ provider.aws v1.42.0
```

### Infrastructure details

* Create Virtual Private Cloud(VPC)
* Create a public and private subnets
* Create an Internet Gateway
* Create a Route Table and add a route to the Internet
* Create a security group for the web server to only allow HTTP inbound traffic from Internet
* Create a security group for the MySQL RDS instance server to only allow MySQL inbound traffic from the web server subnet
* Deploy web server and a MySQL RDS instance
* Configure application to connect to the MySQL RDS instance

## How to use

### Pre-requirement: Set AWS environment variables
```
$ export TF_VAR_access_key=<your_key>

$ export TF_VAR_secret_key=<your-secret>

$ export TF_VAR_region=<your_region>
```

### Initialize a working directory

`$ cd lamp_intrastructure/`

`$ terraform init`

### Create an execution plan

`$ terraform plan`

### Apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration

`$ terraform apply`

### Delete infrastructure
> Before to run command delete manually the RDS mysql instance(you will be prompt with securities questions)

`$ terraform destroy`

## How to test?

When applied the configuration `terraform` will show us the next output:

```
Outputs:

db_endpoint = terraform-20181102155541101800000001.cfi372mmcqsi.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com:3306
web_server_public_ip = 18.209.111.9
```

Use the `db_endpoint` and `web_server_public_ip` for the next steps.

### Open the Address Book Web App page

Find on EC2 the "IPv4 Public IP" address(`web_server_public_ip`) of the "Web Server" instance and open it in a web browser.

### Login in the web app and try some CRUD operations

Find the DB endpoint( `db_endpoint`) on the "Connect" section of the RDS mysql created instance.

Using the DB endpoint and credentials(can be found on the 9-rdsDbResources.tf file) login in the app.

Create, edit or remove contacts to test the web app.
